As of April 19th this website is made using HTML and CSS Styling is meant to portray my interest in Smart Cities, Art, Interior and Lighting Designs.

This project is for ME. Not for any program, instructor, employer, not for anybody but me. I'm doing this to prove to myself and myself only, that I can create something and make a living from it. I started my software development journey during 2020 Pandemic, "Panoramic" as my friends and I like to call it, call me Crona Coder cause I'm sick at this.

I enrolled in a bootcamp in May, ended in late October and it is now April. April 19th to be exact. Did I land an internship or 6 figure job? No. Most likely due to me not practicing enough if we are being honest. I split my time between Ubering to make a living, or helping people claim their business on Google My Business or any other legal and readily available opportunity that presents itself. There is so much to learn, so many rabbit holes, so many new ways of doing things. So I'm not going to overwhelm myself anymore with a new project I don't understand or follow a video that'll have me at a dead end with no helpful solutions. Over it. I've learned the necessary skills to try something completely new and on my own so that's what I'll do.

So I say all that to say I don't know where life will lead me but over my 29 years on Earth I've figured a few things out: I only have an interest in working in a career related to building sustainable cities of the future. Urban and space planning, sustainable materials, renewable energies and resilient grids, quality utilities and transit systems, all that gets me going!, Creating art is one of the most fulfilling things any human can do and I'll dedicate my time and effort to create physical and digital art and inventions because it will legit make me happy, Last and most importantly, NOBODY is going to pay me 6 figures or more to work remote and vacation year round, except me, So I'm doing it myself. This is the proclamation.
